Python: Getting started httpx (#7807)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/configuration/integrations/httpx.mdx

## Configure

<SignInNote />

```python
import sentry_sdk

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    # Set traces_sample_rate to 1.0 to capture 100%
    # of transactions for performance monitoring.
    traces_sample_rate=1.0,
)
```

The HTTPX integration is enabled automatically if you have the `httpx` package installed.

## Verify

```python
import httpx

def main():
    sentry_init(...)  # same as above
    with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(name="testing_sentry"):
        r1 = httpx.get("https://sentry.io/")
        r2 = httpx.post("http://httpbin.org/post")

main()
```

> This will create a transaction called `testing_sentry` in the Performance section of Sentry. and will create spans for the outgoing HTTP requests.
> 
> It takes a couple moments until the data shows up in Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a transaction called `testing_sentry` in the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), and create spans for the outgoing HTTP requests.

It takes a couple of moments for the data to appear in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).
```
